>> Kyle Simpson: The point I wanna get
across is that a quality JavaScript
program always embraces
these types of conversion.
And we have to make sure that the types
that we're involving in those
operations are as clear as possible.
It's not the case that having JavaScript
do these conversions is buggy.
It is the case that if we are not
clear on what the types are,
then we can accidentally miss those
corner cases that we're talking about.
So a quality JavaScript program
makes those things very obvious.
Make it obvious that if you're doing some
math, everything's already a number.
And if its not already a number,
make sure it's obvious that
you're turning it into a number.
If you make your types obvious in your
programs, the vast majority of all
those weird quirky corner cases
that you've heard people moan and
complain about go away.
They really do go away as
long as it is very clear.
I'm doing something numeric and
both of these things are a number,
then we really don't have a lot
of corner cases to worry about
>> Kyle Simpson: Doug Crockford,
many of you know that name,
he's famous for a number of things,
including the book that he wrote,
JavaScript, The Good Parts.
And in JavaScript, The Good Parts,
he has this statement.
He says if a feature is sometimes
useful and sometimes dangerous, and
if there is a better option,
then always use the better option.
Now this is an oft-quoted idea.
It's thrown around the JavaScript and even
the greater programming communities a lot.
And it sounds very wise at the outset,
but I am troubled by this statement.
And I wanna point out why I'm troubled by
it, because it uses terminology that is
not particularly well agreed upon across
the broader programming communities.
So for example, what does he really
mean by useful and dangerous?
If I asked you or you or
you what useful and dangerous means,
I'm gonna get three to
five different answers.
I'm gonna get a lot of different answers
to precisely what does useful and
dangerous mean.
And so
if we don't have a clear definition for
those words, then we can't really
make much action out of this wisdom.
And in particular,
the one that bothers me the most is,
how do we even define
what better option means?
Is there a better option?
How can you definitely say there is?
By the way,
his quote is used in terms of saying,
don't use all these coercion mechanisms in
JavaScript because there's a better way.
But really,
there isn't actually a better way.
And I would claim that the better way
ends up producing worse programs.
Programs that are more cluttered,
they're harder to communicate.
And yes, you might avoid one
particular set of problems, but you
introduce a different set of problems, and
then you blame that on some other part of
JavaScript, instead of simply saying let's
step back and ask what does useful mean?
What does dangerous mean and
what does better mean?
So to answer that question,
I wanna give you a very brief
alternate definition for those words.
If we're gonna use this quote, I'm gonna
give you a different alternate definition.
First of all, I would say useful is when
the reader is focused on what's important.
So if the reader of your code can see
something and they are focused on
the thing that they really should be
focused on, then I'd call that useful.
If the reader is focused on something and
they really can't figure out what's gonna
happen, I would call that dangerous.
So we shouldn't have stuff
that's hard to figure out.
You should avoid things that
are hard to figure out.
And most importantly, to determine
whether something is better or not,
I would say that when the reader
understands the code better than before,
then that code is better.
That is the ultimate metric is
that is it more understandable,
is it more readable, then it's better.
Now you may disagree with those
definitions, but I think at least
putting a pin on some definition and
saying this is what I mean by useful,
this is what I mean by dangerous,
and this is what I mean by better.
At least we can have a more
productive conversation
about the decisions we should
be making in our code.